# LEFT4E1
The alphabet systems, font family and runicons presented here serves as an incentive to learn and internalize the Leporellion as an encryption method. You can negotiate an intercultural consensus on complex issues and use so-called aggregates, glyphs (e.g. SMOL runicons, SMOL runicodes), prefixes and suffixes instead of a conventional alphabet - to which the sender and receiver had previously agreed.
Even if not all words can be visualized or shrunk, you can minimize the number of characters. You can encrypt without falsifying the meaning. Initially, you only write or transform your mother tongue into the Leporellion.
How to expand the vocabulary and use it for situational parlance, you learn in more chapters, but at a later date. In the end, you will notice that you compose more and write less!
You will recognize that you translate and encode texts into Leporellion and with LEFT4E1 without distorting their original version. You reveal complex issues because you help pack fragile words by using 'compiled' workspace and 'optimizable' workflow.
The reproduction will only show its true character (face) after the translation. Also, what is hidden behind the columns, can be encrypted with the further development of LEFT4E1.
<h3>NewMorse</h3>
<hr>
The Alpha(bet) and Omega  of the Leporellion by using dit-dah-doh stamping known as NewMorse.  Select versions at your discretion. Try NewMorse instead of learning conventional Morsecode. NewMorse (v3) can be seen as an auxiliary language of SMOL. However, it can also be further developed as a separate application discipline, which means that its users also remain independent.
<h3>VisualBraille</h3>
<hr>
An introduction in the Alpha(bet) and Omega of the Leporellion by visualizing and widening Braille (9-dot). Select former versions at your discretion. The law of arrangement of 6-dot Braille have been expanded. VisualBraille can be seen as an auxiliary language of SMOL. However, it can also be further developed as a separate application discipline, which means that its users also remain independent.
<h3>MusicTypewriter</h3>
<hr>
An Introduction of the Alpha and Omega of the Leporellion MusicTypewriter (I. Piano/II. Guitar/III. Drums and Cymbals/IV. Flexowriter) by using the Law of Octaves and a consonantal Alphabet in combination with VisualBraille (9-dot stamping) and NewMorse (dit/dah/doh). You will soon be able to forget the traditional music notation and display simple lyrics in notes.<br>MusicTypewriter also uses the consonantal alphabet as the basis for tonal harmony for the most popular musical instruments to create composition using letters. MusicTypewriter can be seen as an auxiliary language of SMOL. However, it can also be further developed as a separate application discipline. For this reason, the notation for PianoUnmute is currently being introduced. MusicTypewriter has only one simple restriction: the Consonantal Alphabet or its relatives like NewMorse and VisualBraille cannot be mapped on every instrument, because every instrument only knows its own Octave space. MusicTypewriter is now continuing its efforts on the music box (flexowriter) - as we know it from retailers. The traditional music sheet is also replaced here, this time by the template (MutualKeyingTemplate.svg) for Punched Tapes that fits in a tiny music box. In reality, the only limitation offers new possibilities!
